to actually be able to take her out if
you actually do try to pray it says it's
not necessary so you can't use prayer
against their the herder if you only
knew is praying this battle and key
moments there we go
there was the flash okay now I'm gonna
have to go ahead and use the diary the
Diaries use honor she kind is starting
to realize everything that's going on
that she was the reason for all this and
she calls her husband to suffer she's
kind of like you know pretty vulnerable
now so you take some time and pray at
her for at the next turn flashes white
again now for a few more turns you're
gonna have to just regularly attack her
kind of like the last stretch here
actually on the stretch running this
battle
you'll know when she changes up and
you'll see the screen and all don't know
when it's time there it is
screen flash flashes and now it's time
to use the final item the coffin mr.
Caine's her baby you use the coffin on
her and now to finish her off one last
set of prayers and there it is she
flashes some more she's taken care of
you all kind of like fly away you'll see
all your party members are now reunited
and we go on to the ending of the game
now to find a little bit of text I can't
kind of skip through it automatically
scrolls through it but basically if
you've stopped the ghost the ghost is
his guest satisfier is now leaving the
mansion I you've like gotten rid of the
haunting it was going on at the mansion
bigger stuff Malaya this kind of floats
up into space
as your team talks about how pretty much
that Yama more projected this would
happen
and then that was when your question was
he really that was he the husband you
know so there's one there's thing they
don't quite tell you but they kind of
tell us one of those deals and now we go
on to the staff role so overall a sweet
home is definitely as you can see I'm
sorry if it wasn't like the best run
that's my first time doing a play
through all them a role-playing game but
even if I'm just my run of it you can
see it how great of a game this really
is just like there were so many cool
elements to it and even a bunch of stuff
I didn't even get the show in the run of
it I really wish they would have taken
it even though it's just based on a
movie they could have gone in their own
direction went they could have made
sequels to it or or at least make some
more similar games they could have made
these types of RPGs maybe for the SNES
at a Playstation one now granted Capcom
did take a lot of inspiration from this
when making the Resident Evil series
where's isn't a bad thing Resident
Evil's one of my favorite franchises of
all time we have the special thanks here
and usually when you see the special
things you know you're just about done
with the credits
presented by Capcom as the team will now
leave the dungeon and leave the mansion
for the final time you'll see the
mansion will actually collapse so like
no one can reenter it or anything we've
been really cool the to see them have
like maybe it rebuild itself because it
was honing again or just a whole new
place to have been hauling I mean the
possibilities were endless for a sequel
to the game now here's like kind of
shock ending or reporters frumply all as
well and then a guy asks for comments
kind of weird I was going on there's you
can see the whole team together comments
and it goes back to the guy
music kind of kicks in and you can see
that he is still like horrified that you
still transform like that's the ending
like they kind of get you on a last
twist it's really not meant to represent
anything it's just like any other random
horror movie like Friday 13 for example
when Jason pops out of the water at the
end of the movie and drags the girl into
the water and it's kind of like that
last bit of scare they tried at the end
at all but anyway that's gonna wrap up
another edition to play it through I'll
add you thank you for watching and of
course I hope you enjoyed